
While I was employed at Google Travel, I had the privilege of being able to take the GBUS shuttle from San Francisco to Mountain View (a 1-2 hour commute depending on traffic). It was not a terrible commute compared to what some of my other bay area colleagues had to endure, but for someone who grew up in Puerto Rico, that type of commute was reserved only for special holidays. What helped me be okay with this commute for almost 2 years was that the bus had phenomenal WiFi and it was easy for me to do work, or play games during the workweek.

I did not want to take meetings during the bus ride, as that would be distracting to my fellow commuters. So with 4 hours of work-commuting per day, I made sure those hours were spent either coding or writing documentation. Once I got to the office, I would have my remote meetings with my colleagues from Boston and coordinate with my in-person teammates which cafe's we wanted to try that day. If there was time between meetings or social events, I would try to sneak in some work from my desk, although whenever I got stuck it was usually more productive to walk around the campus to clear my head and go to the nearest bench whenever clarity stuck. I'll admit, going to the office was fun, I made many friends from other teams while working there, had time to go to the gym and eat healthy food from the cafes, and had some flexibility to leave early whenever I wanted to attend a social event in San Francisco. However, the commute was more productive than the office by a long run, and my work colleagues never became as close as my friends who interacted with me by choice and not by work proximity.

When the covid19 pandemic hit and the remote work mandates became instated, my productivity increased and my social life tanked.

> I have never been one to sit still, a symptom of my ADHD with an emphasis on hyper.
